Your Majesty, you still have poison in your body.
You mustn’t get too angry, it will harm your health.
It’s alright, I’m fine.
Your Majesty needn’t worry.
Since the Empress Dowager has the protection of heaven,
she will surely be fine.
Your Majesty,
this item was found in the storage.
It’s the Empress Dowager’s birthdate.
It was found in which palace?
Replying to Your Majesty,
it was found in the Xianfeng Palace and...
Who instructed you to do this?
You’d better call Wang Ze as well.
I’ll have your head now if you don’t speak.
Your Majesty, I’m wronged!
I indeed found it in the Xianfeng Palace.
I told you so.
I will kill you if you don’t stop now!
Mother, you’re awake.
It’s truly wonderful that you’re alright.
The child has been found.
With the dark arts gone, there’s no more smile.
I fear if I don’t appear,
the Emperor might still indiscriminately kill the innocent.
Protecting the evil concubine.
Mother, the favored consort is not such a person.
Even if the Empress Dowager’s issue was found in the Xianfeng Palace,
who can prove that it was me?
Hmph.
Bring the person up.
It’s you.